what results in success through the
strive to do something special because of it
it is a challenge
the consequence of passion and
dedication how to climb it is
the drive for innovation and efficiency
in the area of ​​transport storage and
Logistics success comes from ours
corporate philosophy
the customer is the focus of the
thinking and acting success is that
the result is the sum of all this
business decisions
For more than 15 years a highly flexible
and adaptable transport
service provider of the transport of
special and special transport throughout
europe offers equipped with the
recognize the necessary vision of the times
keep up with the latest technology
technology permanent localization of the
entire fleet as well as one
easy communication between the
Drivers and proven customers
and efficient logistics by edv
Recording and editing of the programs
guarantee precise delivery west and
enable a proactive
Tracking by track and trace
8000 full loads a year
delivered punctually and reliably
every day
We not only move goods but also
our clients
The result can be seen
20 pay one for cargo heights to three
meters in national and international
long-distance traffic construction sites truck with dump body
in the near traffic 35 leaf omega trailer and
semi low loader up to 25 meters length as well
open low saddle with ramp
Permits for over large and long
cargo goods crane wagon with
oversized lever potential
disposal fund approvals for
loaded bulk goods more than 35
staff cared for around the clock
logistics of management transport
of the charges as well as with the
Maintenance of the driving fleet
qualified and highly motivated proud
in our Baden location Grenchen im
heart of Europe
our duty is not the environment
above average
a commitment to thin logistics
right business decisions
our time
left forwarder and special transports
a family business 1997 in Baden
founded in württemberg
Here is the story of success
updated